readme.md, before:

# PicPicker

Got one of those digital picture frames, but don't want to go through all your gigabytes of pictures to make a selection for it? Let PicPicker do it for you automagically.

Features:
- Automatically resize pictures to your picture frame resolution, preserving the original aspect ratio
- Auto-picks as many pictures as your target USB drive/SD card can fit
- Randomize file names (and display order)
- Specify files/directories to ignore
- Specify files/directories to always include
- Limit the amount of files picked from specific directories - if you have baby pictures you know how important this is

## Pre-requisites

- Instal Python 3
- Install required packages via `pip`

## Configuration file

PicPicker expects a configuration file in yaml format, with at least one source directory to pick pictures and a target to put the result. Refer to [picpicker.yaml](picpicker.yaml) for a documented example of all possible options and create your own.

## Running the script

Simply run it with `python picpicker.py <your_config.yml>`

## Limitations, TODOs

- The script assumes you'll always see your pictures in landscape mode and scales them for this use case only
- files/directories with Unicode characters (accents, etc) are not correctly evaluated by the file filters

Commit message:

Add optional text labels to images

readme.md, after:

# PicPicker

Got one of those digital picture frames, but don't want to go through all your gigabytes of pictures to make a selection for it? Let PicPicker do it for you automagically.

Features:
- Automatically resize pictures to your picture frame resolution, preserving the original aspect ratio
- Auto-picks as many pictures as your target USB drive/SD card can fit
- Randomize file names (and display order)
- Specify files/directories to ignore
- Specify files/directories to always include
- Limit the amount of files picked from specific directories - if you have baby pictures you know how important this is
- Embed (optional) text onto pictures from the file location e.g. files from `/vacation/paris 2022` will be labeled "vacation - paris 2022"

## Pre-requisites

- Instal Python 3
- Install required packages via `pip`

## Configuration file

PicPicker expects a configuration file in yaml format, with at least one source directory to pick pictures and a target to put the result. Refer to [picpicker.yaml](picpicker.yaml) for a documented example of all possible options and create your own.

## Running the script

Simply run it with `python picpicker.py <your_config.yml>`

## Limitations, TODOs

- The script assumes you'll always see your pictures in landscape mode and scales them for this use case only
- files/directories with Unicode characters (accents, etc) are not correctly evaluated by the file filters
